apparently the c compiler uses the heap for global and static variables, but i like
that stanford guys way of having a static section right before the stack frames

Activation record shit -

local data: lay out the local data section of the activation record as the declaration
is being generated, at compile time. [deleted some shit now this looks empty] Compiler
decides exactly how much memory to allocate depnding on the type of that var in the input
code. Doesn't apply to strings, since they are of variable length. Probably allocate for
parameters here too.
The address of each var will be an offset from the starting point of the activation record
for that procedure
^^
Might inlcude variables used in pseudo environements too (if, while). Just still make sure
they arent used underneath that environement in semantic analysis
in regards the addresses of these variables, they will be based of the starting address
of the activation record. So the first variable will be at AR_ADDRESS + (size of every
thing stored before). Say that first variable is an int, then the next variable will be
stored at AR_ADDRESS + (size of everything stored before vars) + 8, since integers are 8
bytes long. All this will be statically generated an managed at compile time, prolly stored
in some symbol map
              [templates]
activation records | are entirely set at compile time for a lot of languages. Hence why go
and c only allow for constants and literals as array index lengths, so that the activation
record can be set at compile time. self laugh - that time i asked on stack overflow if
constants could be set at runtime, so that I could make an array of some variable constant
lmaoooo.
Why go has slices, so arrays can be more dynamic. Slices are probably heap shit

imagining you just push the activation record onto the stack as the functions are called
also, remember, functions/procedures as i know them are a property of these higher level
languages. That functionality (no relation to word "functions" ("principle vagina, no
relation")) is what i'm trying to emulate in assembly.

RETURNING from procedure: Have some return procedure that restores all the regisiters and
stack depending on the shit stored in the about-to-be-popped AR. Maybe return values get
put in rbx and this return procedure knows that, idk.
Probably set registers for set things, like rbx is always for return values, rax is always
for calculations, idk. Reminder that i WILL do multiple return values
may or may not need to be custom for each function call

CALLING a procedure: have some calling procedure that pushes the ar on the stack, saves
the previous machine state and values, sets stack pointers, all kinds of shit
may or may not need to be custom for each function call

ar's will have to hold the address of all the local strings in the heap, then the return
procedure will have to free them all (just move the heap top pointer to it's position
before that activation record). Picture around the yugioh card

static data (constants and globals): laid out at compile time, probably in the
"section .data" field

Thinking all addresses must be divisible by 8. To keep calculations universal.
Aligned

most compilers use registers for return types and parameter passing cause it's more efficient

FOR PRINT - maybe define some set of instruction for different data types, and when print
      is called, it will do those instructions for that data type? ie, strings would have
      nothing to be done with, but numbers would have each digit incremented by 48 (ascii
      shit). and when print is called, you lay out some type of print record that keeps
      going until the pointer reaches the top of that, idk

i guess three returns max ? have three dedicated registers for returns

not sure what to do about arrays. Dragon book says that the AR can hold a pointer to the
array and the actual array stored right after the AR. Not sure what to do about resizing
though

loop on page 518 for optimal ideas for expressions

keep code to a minimum. Less intructions = faster code in gnereal. like: since multiply
and divide always have to end up in rax, use rax for expression handling so there is less
shifting around of values









